operator frameworks introduction (#85)
cncf/sig-app-delivery: operator-wg/whitepaper/05_Frameworks.md

## Operator Frameworks for Kubernetes
**(Current) Issue: https://github.com/cncf/sig-app-delivery/issues/40**

> Currently, a lot of framework exist which simplify the process of bootstrapping an operator/controller project and writing operators. This chapter describes some of them without any claim to comprehensiveness. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, a lot of frameworks exist to simplify the process of bootstrapping an operator/controller project and to write operators. This chapter describes some of them without any claim to comprehensiveness. 
```
```suggestion
Currently, a lot of framework exist which simplify the process of bootstrapping an operator/controller project and writing operators. This chapter describes some of them without any claim to comprehensiveness. 
```
